git clone https://github.com/Apress/practical-data-science.git


2a -Country_Code.csv
2b - Country_Code.xml
2c - Country_Code.json
2d - utility.db


1	Creating and using database in Cassandra	
2	Write the programs for the following:
a. Text Delimited CSV to HORUS format
b. XML to HORUS format
c. JSON to HORUS format
d. MySQL database to HORUS format
e. Picture (JPEG) to HORUS format
f. Video to HORUS format
g. Audio to HORUS format	










1	Creating and using database in Cassandra
2	Write the programs for the following:
a. Text Delimited CSV to HORUS format
b. XML to HORUS format
c. JSON to HORUS format
d. MySQL database to HORUS format
e. Picture (JPEG) to HORUS format
f. Video to HORUS format
g. Audio to HORUS format
	
3	a. Fixers Utilities
b. Data Binning or Bucketing
c. Averaging of data
d. Outlier Detection
e. Logging	

4	a. Perform following data processing using R
b. Program retrieve different attributes of data
c. Data pattern
d. Loading IP_DATA_ALL	

5	a. Perform error management on the given data using pandas package.
b. Write python/R program to create the network routing diagram from the given data on routers.
c. Write a python/R program to build acyclic graph.
d. Write python/R program to pick the content for Billboards from the given data.
e. Write a python/R program to generate GML file from given csv file.
f. Write python/R program to plan location of warehouse from the given data.
g. Write python/R program using data science via clustering to determine new warehouse using the given data.
h. Using the given data Write python/R program to plan the shipping routers from best-fit international logistics.
i. Write python/R program to delete the best packing option to ship in container from the given data.
j. Write python program to create delivery route using the given data.
k. Write python program to crate simple forex trading planner from the given data.
l. Write python program to process the balance sheet to ensure the only good data is processing.
m. Write python program to generate payroll from the given data.	

6	Build the time hub, links and satellites
	
7	 Transforming data
	
8	Organizing data
	
9	 Generating data
	
10	Data visualisation using Power BI	


